Added OKTA readme (#19)
PrimeOrbit/neptune: docs/onboarding/okta/README.md

# PrimeOrbit and Okta Integration Guide

This guide provides instructions for enabling Okta as an authentication option
for your PrimeOrbit Application. Following these steps will help you integrate
Okta quickly and securely while minimizing the amount of sensitive data shared
with PrimeOrbit.

Learn more about OpenID Connect (OIDC) by referring to
[the official documentation](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/).

## Supported Features

- OIDC-Based Authentication – Authenticate users using the OIDC protocol.
- Multiple OIDC Providers – Configure and manage multiple OIDC identity
  providers.

## FYI - OIDC SSO with Okta

To configure PrimeOrbit with Okta for OIDC SSO, you need to exchange required
information between your Okta application and PrimeOrbit.

## Application Creation in Okta

01. Log in to Okta and navigate to *Admin Console > Applications >
    Applications*.
02. Select *Create App* Integration.
03. Select *OIDC - OpenID Connect* as the *Sign-in* method.
04. Select *Single-Page Application*.
05. Click *Next*.
06. Enter a name (e.g., PrimeOrbit) in the App integration *name* field.
07. Optionally, upload a logo via the *Logo* field.

>     [PrimeOrbit logo is available here](TODO).

Reviewer: What is the canonical URL of PO's logo?

Author: Removed this one. We don't a URL for our logo in the public website. I'll take it as a separate action item.

   the application's details in Okta. Share the client ID you copied from Okta
   into the Client ID field.
2. **Redirect URL**: Share the same URL to confirm.
3. **Enter the Issuer**: The OIDC Discovery Endpoint for your app, e.g.,
   `https://example.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`. See Okta's
   documentation for more information.
4. **Enter the Issuer**: The OIDC Discovery Endpoint for your app, e.g.,
   `https://example.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`. See Okta's
   [documentation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/oidc/#well-known-openid-configuration)
   for more information.

## Testing the Integration

### Verification

1. After configuration, test the integration by initiating a login from
   PrimeOrbit.
2. Confirm that:
   1. Users are redirected to Okta for authentication.
   2. Upon successful login, users are redirected back to PrimeOrbit.
   3. Authentication tokens are correctly issued and validated, and user
      sessions are properly managed.

### Troubleshooting

1. Use Okta’s logging tools (available in the Admin Console) to review and
   diagnose any errors during the authentication process.

> 2. Refer to the [PrimeOrbit integration documentation](TODO) for additional

Reviewer: Are we referring to this doc?  If so, 
```suggestion
2. Refer to the [PrimeOrbit integration documentation](https://github.com/PrimeOrbit/neptune/docs/onboarding/okta/README.md) for additional
```

   troubleshooting tips.

## Additional Information

### Security Best Practices

Ensure that token storage, renewal, and user session management follow Okta’s
and PrimeOrbit’s security recommendations.

### Documentation and Support

For further guidance, refer to the
[Okta Documentation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/) and PrimeOrbit
support resources.

## Support/Feedback

If you encounter any issues or have feedback on the integration process, please

> [contact our support team](TODO).

Reviewer: Should it be "mailto:support@primeorbit.com"?
```suggestion
[contact our support team](mailto:support@primeorbit.com).
```

Author: fixed
